Autentication features change logs (#1763)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-10-20-6-0-the-administrator-cannot-change-passwords-for-other-users.md

---
date: ""

> title: The administrator cannot change passwords for other users.

Reviewer: trivial: can it be `The tenant administrator cannot change password for other users.` instead pf `The administrator cannot change passwords for other users.` ?

Author: for me tenant administrator is administrator of tenant (smbd with Tenant management role). This is why i'm using just Administrator. @sarangovindarajan what do you think?

> title: The administrator cannot change passwords for other users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Administrators cannot change passwords for other users
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-55259
version: 10.20.6.0
---

> To improve security user administrators can no longer explicitly set passwords for other users in the tenant or other tenants' admin. This change prevents an attacker from having access to all users, in case the administrator account is compromised.

Reviewer: Trivial: I think it should be:
1.  `tenant administrators` and not `user administrators`.
2. `tenant's` instead of `tenants'` admin.

> To improve security user administrators can no longer explicitly set passwords for other users in the tenant or other tenants' admin. This change prevents an attacker from having access to all users, in case the administrator account is compromised.

Reviewer: I think instead of `The platform has disabled the admin capability ` it can be `The platform has disabled the tenant administrator capability of changing password...`

> To improve security user administrators can no longer explicitly set passwords for other users in the tenant or other tenants' admin. This change prevents an attacker from having access to all users, in case the administrator account is compromised.

Author: @kalavathig1 Tenant administrator is suggested to be someone who administers the tenant. Here, it refers to someone with user management privileges. Administrator seems the most appropriate.

> For security reasons, The platform has disabled the administrator capability of changing passwords of other users. The users are allowed only to change their own passwords. However, Administrators can still enforce the users to change their passwords on their next login in case of any anticipated breaches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For security reasons, administrators can no longer change passwords of other users. The users are only allowed to change their own passwords. However, administrators can still enforce the users to change their passwords on their next login in case of any anticipated breaches.
```

> Note that the administrator will still have the option to force the user to reset the password on the next login or disable the user.

Reviewer 3: this line can be removed with the above change.

Reviewer: I think this line is fine.. it gives more info on what admin can still do

Author: Do we have some info about it in docs? If not i will leave it - maybe let decide about it for Beate and Marlene?

> Note that the administrator will still have the option to force the user to reset the password on the next login or disable the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Note that the administrator will still have the option to force the user to reset the password on the next login or disable the user.

Author: this is outdated: release note in this file looks: For security reasons, administrators can no longer change passwords of other users. The users are only allowed to change their own passwords. However, administrators can still enforce the users to change their passwords on their next login in case of any anticipated breaches.
